# Connect-4

Connect 4 is played on a grid. Player 1 is X while Player 2 is O. The players take turns dropping their corresponding checkers (i.e. X or O) into the grid. Player 1’s (Player 2’s) goal is to line up four Xs (Os) in a row, column, or diagonal. If the user is Player 1, he will perform the first move by entering a number between 1 and the number of columns in order to denote the column in which he would like to drop his checker. If Player 2 is a human, then the human would enter a number between 1 and the number of columns in order to denote the column in which he would like to drop his checker. If Player 2 is an AI, then the AI will automatically choose its next move. Player 1 will then have the opportunity to make his next move. If the user is Player 2, a similar process will occur where if the first player is an AI, then the AI will automatically make the first move. 

Referee takes in a Game and two Players. It then checks the status of the game. If the game has ended in a win or draw for a player, Referee outputs the appropriate message. However, if the game is still ongoing, Referee calls next_move in order to determine what the next move should be. If Player is an AIPlayer, then next_move will return the most intelligent move that should be made in order to result in a win (next_move -> choose_move -> vals (legal_moves) -> minimax (successors & legal_moves). If Player is a HumanPlayer, then next_move will return the move entered by the player (must be legal). Referee will then update the state of the game based on the move chosen by Player, and the game_loop will iterate once again.
